Academic Regulations at the Warsaw University of Technology 

 

I. General provisions 

§ 1 

1. These Academic Regulations shall govern the organisation of study provided within 
first-cycle and second-cycle, as well as long-cycle Master’s full-time and part-time 
degree programmes at the Warsaw University of Technology, hereinafter referred to as 
the “University”. 
2. The provisions of the Academic Regulations shall apply to all organisational units of the 
University that provide education referred to in section 1. 
3. The Regulations shall specify the relevant rights and duties of students and other 
persons involved in the education process at the University in all fields of study, levels 
and profiles of study. 
4. The legal basis for the Regulations shall be the Act of 20 July 2018 Law on Higher 
Education and Science (Journal of Laws of 2018, item 1668, as amended) hereinafter 
referred to as the “Act” and the Warsaw University of Technology Statute, hereinafter 
referred to as the “Statute”. 


§ 2 

1. The terms used in the Regulations shall have the following meaning: 
1) course – classes or a set of classes under a common name, with an assigned number 
of credit points and learning outcomes, pursued within one semester, and awarded a 
single aggregate grade, 
2) course information sheet – course description that defines, in particular: course 
objectives, course content, number of course hours, number of assigned ECTS 
credits and intended learning outcomes, 
3) course leader – a person responsible for the course syllabus and its delivery, 
authorised by the dean to award final grades for the course, 
4) course regulations – description of the course credit regulations and course 
requirements, 
5) course tutor – an academic teacher or any other person authorised to run a course, 
6) credit points – ECTS credits defined by the European Credit Transfer System as a 
measure of a student’s average workload necessary to achieve the intended learning 
outcomes or other credits assigned to a course in order to conduct the registration 
procedure, 
7) diploma supplement – description of the completed degree programme, including a 
list of completed courses along with grades and ECTS credits, 
8) faculty – a basic organisational unit of the University, as defined in the Statute, 
9) flexible study system – organisation of study that enables the student to select 
courses from the offer of elective courses, specialisation and the topic of the 
diploma thesis, as well as his or her individual studying pace in line with the 
relevant registration regulations, 



10) full-time study – a mode of study in which more than half of the ECTS credits 
awarded for the study programme may be obtained for courses with direct 
participation of academic teachers (or other persons who conduct classes) and 
students, 
11) individual organisation of study – approved by the dean at the request of the 
student, method of organisation of study including individual registration 
requirements which enable a change of the pace of study and, if possible, an 
individual study plan, 
12) individual study plan – approved by the dean at the request of the student, a list of 
courses which the student is required to pass, including courses pursued at other 
faculties or at other universities that ensure achievement of the learning outcomes 
in line with the study programme followed by the student, 
13) learning outcomes – a body of knowledge, skills and social competences acquired 
in the process of learning, 
14) level of study – first-cycle or second-cycle study, or long-cycle Master’s study, 
15) mode of study – full-time or part-time study, 
16) part-time study – a mode of study in which fewer than half of the ECTS credits 
included in the study programme may be obtained for courses with direct 
participation of academic teachers (or other persons who conduct classes) and 
students, 
17) passed course – a course for which the student was awarded a positive final grade, 
entered into the University IT system, 
18) programme of study – description of the education process for a given field of 
study, level, profile and mode of study, leading to the achievement of intended 
learning outcomes, including in particular the allocation of ECTS credits to courses 
being followed, 
19) registration – the dean’s decision on enrolling a student for a successive study 
stage, 
20) retaking a course due to unsatisfactory academic progress – the requirement to 
retake a course which has been failed, an equivalent course or a course from the 
same group of courses, 
21) specialisation – a separate part of the study programme, 
22) study plan – a list of courses in individual semesters of study, 
23) study profile – practical profile or general academic profile, 
24) study stage – part of the study programme pursued within a given period of time 
(semester or academic year), upon completion of which the dean shall take the 
decision to allow the student to continue the study or to take the diploma 
examination, 
25) timetable – a detailed timetable of classes in a given semester. 
2. The term faculty shall also refer to any college or school providing a degree 
programme, and the terms dean, faculty board and faculty-level self-government body 
shall also refer respectively to the head, board and student self-government body of any 
such unit. 



 

 

 

§ 3 

1. A person shall be admitted to the University and acquire student rights and duties upon 
swearing the academic oath. The student shall confirm the fact of swearing the 
academic oath with the student’s own signature. The wording of the oath shall be laid 
down in the Statute. 
2. The student rights and duties shall expire on the day of the loss of student status, in 
particular upon graduation or upon being struck off the students’ register, subject to 
section 3. 
3. A person who graduated from first-cycle study shall retain student rights until 31 
October of the year of graduation, excluding the right to benefits laid down in the Act. 


§ 4 

1. The Rector shall be the superior and guardian of all students of the University. 
2. Administrative decisions on individual students’ matters, laid down in the Act, shall be 
issued by the Rector. 
3. The Rector may authorise another person to take administrative decisions on individual 
students’ matters. 
4. Appeals against the Rector’s administrative decisions shall be in the form of application 
for re-examination of the case. The appeal application shall be submitted in writing to 
the Rector through the intermediary of the relevant dean within 14 days of the receipt of 
the decision. 
5. The dean shall take decisions on individual students’ matters other than those referred to 
in section 2, including disputes and conflicts. 
6. The decisions referred to in section 5 may be appealed against to the Rector. The appeal 
application shall be submitted within 14 days of the receipt of the decision. The appeal 
to the Rector shall be submitted by the student through the intermediary of the authority 
that took the decision. The Rector’s decision on the appeal shall be final. 


§ 5 

Student self-government bodies shall represent the interests and express opinions of the 
students of the University. They also decide or decide jointly with the University 
authorities on matters concerning students, in accordance with the University’s internal 
legal regulations. 

§ 6 

1. The University may charge tuition fees for: 
1) education in part-time study; 
2) retaking courses in full-time study due to unsatisfactory academic progress; 
3) education in a foreign language of instruction; 
4) courses not included in the study programme; 



5) education of foreigners in full-time study in Polish as the language of instruction. 
2. The University may also charge fees for: 
1) conducting admissions proceedings; 
2) conducting confirmation of learning outcomes; 
3) issuing a student record book and student ID, as well as copies of these documents; 
4) issuing a foreign-language copy of the diploma of graduation and diploma 
supplement, other than those issued in accordance with Art. 77 section 2 of the Act; 
5) use of halls of residence and canteens. 



3. The amounts of fees referred to in section 1 and section 2 points 2 and 6, the regulations 
on charging the fees, as well as the conditions and procedures of exemption therefrom 
shall be laid down in the University’s internal legal regulations. 
4. Students admitted to study through resumption or transfer from another university shall 
pay the tuition fees referred to in section 1 in accordance with the amounts and 
regulations laid down in the University’s internal legal regulations. 
5. The regulations on charging fees for foreigners and the amounts of the fees shall be 
determined in the Act and related regulations and in the University’s internal legal 
regulations. 


II. Organisation of studies 

§ 7 

1. Part-time study at the University shall be organised as: 
1) evening study, 
2) extra-mural study, 
3) distance learning. 
2. For the full-time study option and the evening and distance-learning study option in 
part-time degree programmes, the academic year shall include two semesters: the winter 
semester and the summer semester, while: 
1) the winter semester shall include 15 weeks of classes, a winter holiday period, a 
minimum two-week winter examination period and the registration period; 
2) the summer semester shall include 15 weeks of classes, a spring holiday period, a 
minimum two-week summer examination period, an uninterrupted summer holiday 
of minimum 4 weeks, a minimum two-week autumn examination period and the 
registration period; 
3. For the extra-mural study option in part-time degree programmes, the academic year 
shall include two semesters: the winter semester and the summer semester, while: 
1) the winter semester shall include at least 7 two- or three-day on-campus sessions, a 
winter examination period during the two on-campus sessions after the end of the 
classes and the registration period; 
2) the summer semester shall include at least 7 two- or three-day on-campus sessions, 
a summer examination period during the two on-campus sessions after the end of 
classes, one or two examination on-campus sessions in the autumn examination 
period and the registration period; 



4. Internships and field work may take place at any time during the academic year in 
accordance with the study programme. 
5. For degree programmes conducted jointly with another university, an institute of the 
Polish Academy of Sciences, a research institute, an international institute, a foreign 
university or a scientific organization, the organisation of the academic year shall be 
laid down in a joint degree programme agreement. 
6. The Rector shall establish the academic calendar for each academic year and publish it 
at least four months prior to the beginning of the academic year. 
7. The Rector may establish class-free days or class-free hours during the academic year, 
and the dean may establish class-free hours. 
8. The dean may change the date of the end of classes in the last semester of first-cycle 
study. 


§ 8 

1. Schedules for examination periods shall be established by the dean after consultation 
with the faculty-level self-government body and with regard to the dates of 
examinations in foreign languages, and shall be published no later than three weeks 
before the beginning of the period. The schedule for the autumn examination period 
and the schedule for the summer examination period should be published 
simultaneously. 
2. In order to conduct examinations, the following shall be set in the examination period: 
1) in the winter examination period – at least two dates for each course of the winter 
semester ending with an examination, 
2) in the summer examination period – at least two dates for each course of the 
summer semester ending with an examination, 
3) in the autumn examination period – at least one date for each course of the winter 
and summer semesters ending with an examination, subject to sections 3 and 4. 
3. In the case of courses ending with an examination which are conducted both in the 
winter and summer semester, in the autumn examination session no dates for 
examinations on courses conducted in the winter semester shall be set. 
4. If the study programme provides for winter-semester-based registration, after 
consultation with the faculty-level self-government body, the dean may set the dates of 
retake examinations after the winter semester outside of the examination sessions. 


§ 9 

1. Students shall follow degree programmes in accordance with a defined study 
programme. Study programmes and the learning outcomes defined therein shall be laid 
down by the Senate upon the motion of the dean, after consultation with the faculty 
board and faculty-level self-government body. 
2. Study plans shall be published at least 3 months prior to their commencement. 
3. A detailed class timetable, established by the dean after consultation with the faculty-
level self-government body, shall be published at least seven days before the beginning 
of classes in a given semester. 


§ 10 

1. The University shall participate in the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS). 



2. Education at the University shall be based on a flexible study system. 
3. Classes within part-time programmes and those within full-time programmes shall be 
run separately. 
4. Courses shall be taught in the language specified in the study programme, with the 
exception of foreign language classes. Second-cycle or long-cycle Master’s degree 
programmes in Polish as the language of instruction may include elective courses taught 
in a foreign language. 
5. The study programme in Polish as the language of instruction may include elective 
courses taught in a foreign language. 
6. The regulations on the selection of specialisation and elective courses shall be laid down 
by the dean after consultation with the faculty-level self-government body. 
7. In order to graduate, the student shall meet all the requirements defined in the study 
programme, i.e.: 
1) pass all the compulsory courses, 
2) pass internships if they are obligatory, 
3) pass elective courses so that the total number of credits is no less than the required 
number of credits, 
4) submit a diploma thesis approved by the thesis advisor, 
5) satisfy any other requirements, if provided for in the study programme 


and pass the diploma examination. 

§ 11 

1. For each course offered, the course leader shall draw up a course information sheet, the 
content of which is specified by the University’s internal legal regulations, and make it 
available to students. 
2. For each course offered, the course leader shall draw up a course information sheet 
which shall be made available to students and include information on: 
1) recommendations or restrictions on student participation in a course resulting from 
the required sequence in which the courses should be followed in line with the 
study plan, 
2) regulations on student mandatory attendance at courses for which attendance is 
obligatory, including the allowable limit of non-attendance and justification of non-
attendance, 
3) methods of partial and/or final verification of learning outcomes achievement by 
the student (examination, written and oral tests, reports on laboratory tests, projects 
and others), 
4) types of materials and devices approved for use by students during verification of 
learning outcomes achievement, 
5) rules for awarding course credit and the final course grade, 
6) dates and methods of providing information on grades awarded to students, and the 
rules for improving the grades, 



7) possibility and rules for students’ participation in tests and examinations held on 
additional dates, 
8) rules on retaking particular types of classes included in the course due to 
unsatisfactory academic progress. 
3. The course regulations may also include information other than that listed in section 
2, depending on the specificity of given classes. 
4. Upon the consent of the majority of students taking a given course, regulations and 
rules referred to in section 2 may be subject to change during classes and in the 
period when the course can be completed. 
5. Students pursuing a given course may submit their comments on the course 
regulations. 
6. During the first class or organisational meeting, the course tutor shall present and 
provide students with access to the following information: 
1) course regulations, 
2) course objectives and course content, 
3) intended learning outcomes, 
4) schedule of partial and/or final verification of learning outcomes achievement, in 
particular the due dates for written and oral tests, deadlines for submission of 
reports on laboratory work and projects, and the dates for retakes if allowed within 
a particular course, 
5) list of recommended literature, 
6) dates and place of office hours, having regard to the students’ class schedule. 
7. Attendance in classes, with the exception of lectures, shall be compulsory and it can 
be monitored. The rules for justification of non-attendance shall be laid down in 
course regulations. In disputed cases, the decision on justification of non-attendance 
shall be taken by the dean. 
8. Students may record sound and image during classes only upon the consent of the 
course tutor. Should such consent be granted, the recorded materials may not be made 
publicly available. 
9. A student with a disability may apply to the dean to have a faculty supervisor appointed 
from among academic teachers. The decision shall be taken by the dean after 
consultation with the Section for the Disabled in the Office for Student Affairs. The role 
of the supervisor shall be to specify and present to the dean special needs of the student 
in terms of organisation and completion of the education process, including study and 
learning adjustments in accordance with the type of his or her disability. 


III. Admission to study 

§ 12 

1. A student shall be admitted to study based on admissions procedure, confirmation of 
learning outcomes, or transfer from another domestic or foreign university. 
2. The regulations governing admission to study based on admissions procedure in a given 
academic year, in particular the requirements, the mode, and the starting and closing 
dates for admission, shall be laid down by the Senate. 



3. The regulations, requirements and procedure of admission based on confirmation of 
learning outcomes shall be laid down in the University’s internal legal regulations. 
4. A person expelled from the study as a result of a disciplinary penalty may not be 
readmitted to study at the University prior to the deadline for the penalty to be erased 
from the register of penalties. 


§ 13 

1. A student may be admitted to study at the University through transfer from another 
home or foreign higher education institution, on the basis of the Rector’s decision, 
having obtained a written consent to the transfer from the home institution. For 
foreigners, the decision is taken by the Rector at the request of the dean. 
2. Only a student who has successfully completed at least the first year of first-cycle study 
or long-cycle Master’s study, or the first semester of second-cycle study at the home 
institution shall be eligible to apply for transfer. 
3. A student shall be transferred at the student’s application submitted no later than one 
month prior to the beginning of the semester for which the student is to be admitted to 
the study. With the admissions application, the student shall be obliged to submit the 
documentation on the course of study completed at the home institution, confirmed 
thereby. 
4. On the basis of the documentation on the course of study at the home institution, the 
dean may recognise the learning outcomes achieved by the student and course credits 
awarded to the student prior to admission to the University. 
5. The dean of the receiving faculty shall determine the admissions requirements, 
including the need to conduct a qualifications test, the number of recognized semesters 
of study and shall set a list of curriculum differences that the student shall be required to 
make up for as well as the final dates for their completion. 
6. In the event that a qualifications test is conducted, the decision on admission to study 
through transfer from another university shall be based on the result thereof. 
7. In the event of divergences between the learning outcomes achieved at the home 
institution and the learning outcomes achieved at the receiving faculty at the same study 
stage, the student shall be admitted to a lower semester of study than he or she was 
registered on at the home institution, subject to § 22 section 2. 


§ 14 

1. A person admitted to study shall be registered as a student of the University and shall be 
given a unique student record book number, an individual bank account number to be 
used for payments to the University, an individual University email account and an 
individual account in the University IT system. 
2. Having sworn the academic oath, the student shall receive a student ID card. The 
student may receive a student record book or a matriculation act if these are used in the 
unit providing the study programme. 



 IV. Resumption of study 

§ 15 

1. An application to resume study may be submitted by a person struck off the register of 
students after completing at least the first year of first-cycle study or long-cycle 
Master’s study, or the first semester of second-cycle study. 
2. Study shall be resumed in the field of study that the person applying for resumption 
pursued before and to the study programme pursued at the moment of resumption of 
study. 
3. Prior to the resumption, the dean shall define the terms, time limit and the method how 
to make up for the previously uncompleted courses and curriculum differences in the 
study programme pursued by the person resuming study. 
4. The person resuming study shall be required to make up for the unfulfilled 
requirements and curriculum differences specified by the dean, as referred to in section 
3, regardless of the number of semesters previously completed. The person resuming 
study shall present a medical certificate on no health contraindications to pursuing a 
given field of study. 
5. Resumption of study shall be based on the Rector’s decision. Study shall be resumed to 
the semester directly following the semester when the student was struck off the register 
of students, except for resumption of study in order to take the diploma examination. 
6. In order to take the diploma examination, study shall be resumed for the period 
necessary to prepare and conduct the diploma examination following the submission of 
the diploma thesis by the person applying for resumption and after the person applying 
for resumption has met other requirements defined in the study programme. 
7. The application for resumption of study may be submitted no later than 5 years after the 
decision on striking a student off the register of students has become final. 
8. No more than two resumptions of study by the same person shall be allowed and no 
more than three applications for resumption of study may be submitted. 
9. Resumption of study shall not be possible if the student struck off the register has failed 
to settle financial and material liabilities towards the University. 


V. Study regulations and student registration 

§ 16 

1. Types of classes which may be provided within a course shall include: lectures, 
tutorials, project and laboratory classes, and seminars. 
2. Course credit shall be based on verification of the learning outcomes achieved by a 
student as a result of participating in all the classes conducted within a given course. 
3. A course pursued in a given semester in the form of classes of various types shall be 
awarded a final grade in accordance with the course regulations. 
4. Course credit shall be given by the course leader who shall also enter the grade into the 
documentation of the course of study in the IT system. The course leader may be 
replaced by an academic teacher authorised by the dean. 
5. Course credit shall mean assignment of a relevant number of credits specified in the 
study programme. 



 

§ 17 

1. An examination shall verify the learning outcomes achieved by a student within the 
scope defined by the syllabus for a given course. An examination shall be conducted by 
the course leader, who may be replaced by an academic teacher authorised by the dean. 
2. Except for the examination, verification of the learning outcomes achieved by a student 
shall take place before the end of classes in the semester. In justified cases, the dean 
may set another date for verification of learning outcomes achievement. 
3. A person subject to verification of learning outcomes achievement shall, upon request, 
present an identity document or a student ID card. 
4. At all dates of examinations and tests, identical rules shall apply to verification of 
learning outcomes achievement and grade determination. 
5. Verification of learning outcomes achievement shall be done in the language of 
instruction. In justified cases, the dean may grant permission for the student to complete 
some courses in a language other than the language of instruction. 
6. A student shall have a right to take an examination on one of the three examination 
dates set within examination periods or outside of examination periods. The student 
may take the examination at other times, if provided for in the course regulations. 
7. In the case of a course that is pursued both in the winter semester and the summer 
semester, a student pursuing the course in the winter semester may take the examination 
on one of the two examination dates set for the winter examination period, and if the 
student did not pursue the course in the summer semester, the student may take the 
examination in the autumn examination period. 
8. The timing of the examination may not interfere with other classes attended by the 
student. 
9. Regulations governing the conduct of examinations in foreign languages shall be 
defined by the University’s internal legal regulations. 
10. The dean or course leader may recognize the learning outcomes achieved by the student 
as a result of completing other study programmes or through participation in research, 
development and implementation work, a research camp, work in student research, 
artistic and sports groups, national and international educational programmes or student 
internship, as the achieved learning outcomes of a given course, and may fully or partly 
exempt the student from participation in the classes of this course. 
11. At the request of a student with a disability, the dean may change the method for 
verification of the achieved learning outcomes to adapt it to the type of the student’s 
disability. 


§ 18 

1. The following grades and their verbal descriptors shall be used to determine the level of 
learning outcomes achievement for a given course: 
1) 5.0 – five or very good, 
2) 4.5 – four and a half or above good, 
3) 4.0 – four or good, 
4) 3.5 – three and a half or fairly good, 
5) 3.0 – three or satisfactory, 



6) 2.0 – two or fail. 
2. A fail grade (2.0) shall be equivalent to non-completion of a course by a student. 
3. Some courses specified in the study programme may be graded in a descriptive way as 
passed or failed. 
4. The weighted average of grades shall be determined on the basis of all numerical grades 
awarded since the commencement of study (cumulative average) or within a given study 
stage (stage average), where the weight shall be the numbers of credits assigned to each 
course for which a grade has been awarded. 
5. A range of courses other than that laid down in section 4 may be taken into account 
when calculating the weighted average of grades, depending on its specific applications 
defined by separate regulations. 


§ 19 

1. The course tutor shall provide students with the results from the verification of 
learning outcomes achievement immediately after the award of the grade but no later 
than 2 days prior to the date of the next examination or test. 
2. The course tutor shall ensure that the student has access to view his or her marked 
written papers until the end of a given academic year. 
3. The course leader shall enter the final grades for the course into the documentation of 
the course of study in the University IT system by the deadline specified by the dean. 
Failure to enter the final grade for the course shall be equivalent to entering the grade 
2.0 or fail. 
4. If during the verification of learning outcomes achievement, it is established that the 
student works with external assistance or uses materials or devices unauthorised by the 
course regulations, the student shall be awarded a fail grade and shall lose the right to 
pass the course being currently pursued. 


§ 20 

1. Within four days of the date on which the results from the verification of learning 
outcomes achievement for a given course are communicated, a student raising 
objections to the correctness of the conduct of the verification procedure may submit to 
the dean a substantiated request for verification of learning outcomes achievement 
before a board. 
2. The dean may order a verification of learning outcomes achievement before a board on 
his or her own initiative. 
3. The verification of learning outcomes achievement before a board should take place 
within 7 days from the submission of the request by the student or the decision made by 
the dean. A board composed of at least three academic teachers shall be appointed by 
the dean. At the request of the student or a body of student self-government, a chosen 
academic teacher or a representative of student self-government may sit on the board. 
4. The verification of learning outcomes achievement before a board, conducted in the 
form of an examination, may be attended by a person indicated by the student as an 
observer. 
5. The verification of learning outcomes achievement before a board may involve 
reassessment of the examination paper or test if they were done in writing. 
6. The result of the verification of learning outcomes achievement taken before a board 



shall be final at a given study stage. 


§ 21 

1. Non-completion of a course at a given study stage shall result in the necessity to retake 
the classes in this course, i.e., to complete the course again, to complete an equivalent 
course or a course from the same group of courses, depending on the study programme. 
Retaking classes in a course shall require payment of a fee in accordance with the 
procedures and to the amount determined by the University’s internal legal regulations. 
2. If the retaken course includes classes of various types, the student may be exempt from 
the requirement to retake some classes for which the achieved learning outcomes have 
undergone positive verification. The conditions of such exemption shall be laid down in 
course regulations. 


§ 22 

1. Detailed rules of registration for consecutive study stages shall be laid down by the dean 
after consultation with the faculty board. The rules shall be published no later than 
twelve months prior to the commencement of the registration period. 
2. A full-time student may be registered for no longer than two semesters beyond the 
nominal duration of the study. The limit of the maximum study duration shall exclude 
periods of leaves. 
3. For each study stage, the dean shall set the minimum and full registration requirements, 
while: 
1) meeting the minimum registration requirements shall allow the student to be 
registered for the subsequent study stage, 
2) meeting full registration requirements determined both for a given study stage and 
for all preceding study stages shall mean that the preceding study stages shall be 
deemed passed, 
3) full registration requirements should cover the requirement to pass all compulsory 
courses and the requirement to obtain the total number of credits determined in the 
study programme for all preceding study stages. 
4. Registration for a subsequent study stage shall be performed by the dean within the time 
limit set by the Rector. 
5. Lack of academic progress determined on the basis of the student’s failure to meet the 
minimum registration requirements may be the basis for striking the student off the 
register of students. 


§ 23 

1. Prior to the commencement of classes in a semester, the student shall, within the time 
limit set by the dean, declare the courses to be pursued in the semester. 
2. Detailed regulations on submission of declarations on course enrolment, including the 
consequences of failure to submit thereof, shall be determined by the dean. 
3. On the basis of the declarations submitted, lists of students enrolled for courses and 
classes in these courses shall be drawn up. The possibility to attend a course or to 
participate in classes may be limited by the course sequence requirements and by the 
student group size. 



4. After consultation with the faculty board, the dean may determine additional conditions 
for course attendance or class participation. 
5. A student who fails to present a valid medical certificate stating no contraindications to 
participate in classes during which he or she may be exposed to harmful, uncomfortable 
or hazardous conditions, and has not done the health and safety training, may be 
refused permission to participate in classes. 


§ 24 

1. Individual organisation of study may be applied for by: 
1) a student with outstanding achievements, in particular scientific, artistic or sports 
achievements, 
2) a student with a disability if this is required by his or her health condition certified 
with a relevant medical opinion or a medical certificate, 
3) a student whose health condition prevents him or her from fulfilment of student 
duties in a normal manner, as certified with a relevant medical assessment or a 
medical certificate, 
4) a student who pursues more than one full-time study programme, 
5) a student admitted to study based on confirmation of learning outcomes 
achievement or through transfer from another university, 
6) a student who changes the study programme through transfer within the University. 
2. The dean may consent to an individual organisation of study at the student’s justified 
request submitted at least 2 weeks prior to the beginning of the semester, whereas this 
deadline shall not apply to the case referred to in section 1 point 3. The consent to an 
individual organisation of study shall be granted for a definite period and shall be 
restricted by the University’s organisational capacity. 
3. In full-time study, the dean shall consent to an individual organisation of study at the 
request submitted by a pregnant student or by a parent-student. The consent to an 
individual organisation of study may then be granted for a period necessary to complete 
the study programme. 
4. Individual organisation of study may not be the reason for extension of the registration 
deadline. 


§ 25 

1. Part of the study programme may be completed outside the home unit, e.g., at another 
faculty of the University or another domestic or foreign university, in particular 
pursuant to interuniversity agreements stemming from the University’s participation in 
domestic and international student exchange programmes. 
2. Completion of part of the study programme outside the home unit shall require the 
dean’s consent. The dean’s consent shall constitute a promise that course credits 
obtained by the student shall be recognised on account of the requirements of the study 
programme pursued in the home unit. 
3. The decision to recognize courses passed by the student outside the home unit shall be 
taken by the dean at the student’s request upon investigation of the submitted 
documentation of the course of study completed outside the home unit. Recognition of 
the courses passed shall depend on confirmation of equivalence of the learning 



outcomes achieved by the student with the learning outcomes defined for courses listed 
in the study programme in the home unit. 
4. The dean shall define the number of ECTS credits assigned to the courses passed by the 
student and shall convert the grades awarded to the grading scale used at the Warsaw 
University of Technology if the courses have no number of credits assigned or if the 
grading system used at the receiving university is different from the system at the 
Warsaw University of Technology. 
5. Outside the home unit, a student may complete courses not included in the study 
programme pursued in the home unit. In the case where the dean determines there is no 
equivalence between the learning outcomes achieved by the student and the learning 
outcomes defined for courses listed in the study programme in the home unit, the 
courses may be recognized as extra-curricular courses. 


§ 26 

1. A student may apply to the dean for recognition of learning outcomes achieved in the 
course of his or her professional, scientific or other activity. The application shall 
document the achievement of learning outcomes equivalent to learning outcomes 
defined in the study programme being pursued by the student. 
2. The dean shall determine the procedure and method of documenting the application and 
the limit of credits that can be awarded following the recognition of learning outcomes 
achievement. 
3. The application for recognition of learning outcomes achievement should be evaluated 
by an academic teacher appointed by the dean. 
4. The opinion of the academic teacher shall include: evaluation of the completeness and 
accuracy of the documentation confirming the student’s achievement of learning 
outcomes, evaluation of the correctness of the student’s assessment of the workload 
related to achievement of learning outcomes and a proposed grade. 
5. If the application is approved, the dean shall award the student credit for the course 
equivalent to the achieved learning outcomes, assign it the number of due credits and 
award a grade which shall be included in the weighted grade average. 


§ 27 

1. Internships may be completed at the University or in other external entities. Professional 
work may be recognised as an internship if the learning outcomes achieved as a result of 
its performance correspond to the learning outcomes defined for internships provided 
for in the study programme. The rules and procedures for internship completion shall be 
laid down in the study programme and the University’s internal legal regulations. 
2. The credit for internships shall be awarded by the dean or by an academic teacher 
authorised by the dean. 
3. If a student participates in research and development work, the dean or an academic 
teacher authorised by the dean may recognize the achievement of learning outcomes 
defined for internships in the study programme and may exempt the student from the 
requirement to complete an internship. 


 

§ 28 


1. A student who has outstanding academic achievements may apply to the dean for 
consent to follow an individual study plan. 
2. A request to follow an individual study plan can be made by a student who has 
successfully completed the first year of first-cycle study or long-cycle Master’s study, 
or the first semester of second-cycle study. 
3. In justified cases, the dean may grant permission to a student to follow an individual 
study plan despite his or her failure to meet the requirements referred to in section 2. 
4. A student applying for an individual study plan shall: 
1) request an academic teacher to act as his or her academic tutor, 
2) design a study plan together with his or her tutor and submit it to the dean for 
approval. 
5. Changes to the individual study plan may be made at the joint request submitted to the 
dean by the student and the tutor. The decision to introduce any such changes shall be 
taken by the dean. 
6. Where difficulties arise in the implementation of an individual study plan, the dean, 
having consulted the tutor, shall take a decision allowing further implementation of the 
programme, adjusting it or withdrawing consent for the individual study plan. 


VI. Award of diploma and graduation 

§ 29 

1. The diploma thesis shall be prepared by a student under the supervision of a thesis 
supervisor authorised by the dean. In the case of second-cycle study and long-cycle 
Master’s study, the diploma thesis shall be prepared under the supervision of a person 
who holds at least the doctoral degree. 
2. The diploma thesis shall be an independent elaboration on a research or practical topic 
or a technical achievement, reflecting a student’s general knowledge and skills related 
to his or her field of study, level of study and educational profile, as well as testifying 
the acquired analytical and critical thinking skills. In particular, the diploma thesis may 
be a written paper, a published article, project work, as well as a construction or 
technological work. 
3. Out of his or her initiative, a student may propose the topic of his or her diploma thesis 
relevant to his or her academic and professional interests and to the study programme 
followed. 
4. The diploma thesis may be a result of teamwork provided that the contribution of each 
team member is specified in detail. 
5. The diploma thesis shall be presented in the form of a hard copy together with its digital 
version. The diploma thesis must include the title, an abstract and a list of keywords in 
Polish and in English, and if a student applies for a copy of the diploma translated into a 
foreign language other than English, the thesis must also include the title, an abstract 
and a list of keywords in the relevant language. 
6. At the student’s request, approved by the diploma thesis supervisor, the dean may give 
consent for the thesis to be written in a language other than the language of instruction. 
Such a diploma thesis shall include the title, an abstract and a list of keywords in Polish, 
in English, and in the language of the thesis if it is other than the above mentioned 
languages. 



7. The diploma thesis may be a part of a research programme conducted either by the 
University or by a student research group; it may also be prepared in cooperation with 
an external entity. 


§ 30 

1. A student shall be required to submit his or her diploma thesis, approved by the thesis 
supervisor, no later than three weeks before the end of the semester in the case of a 
Bachelor’s (in¿ynier and licencjat) thesis, and until the last day prior to the beginning of 
the registration period in the case of a Master’s (magister) thesis. 
2. At the request of the thesis supervisor or at the request of the student, the dean may 
extend the deadline for the submission of the diploma thesis, but this shall not exceed a 
period of three months from the deadlines set in section 1 above. 
3. Provisions of §33 section 1 point 3 of the Regulations shall apply to a student who fails 
to submit the diploma thesis by the specified deadline. 
4. The dean shall appoint a reviewer of the thesis from among persons authorised to 
supervise diploma theses. 
5. The thesis supervisor and reviewer shall draw up opinions on the thesis, including 
proposed grades. Both opinions shall be made available to the student no later than three 
days before the date of the diploma examination. 
6. The confidentiality rules for diploma theses the subject of which constitutes a legally 
protected secret shall be laid down in the University’s internal legal regulations. 
7. In the case of a prolonged absence of a diploma thesis supervisor, which may affect the 
timely submission of the thesis, at the student’s written request, after consultation with 
the head of the unit in which the thesis is prepared, the dean shall appoint a person who 
shall, on a temporary basis, take over the duties of the thesis supervisor. 


§ 31 

1. The decision to admit a student to the diploma examination shall be taken by the dean. 


Admission to the diploma examination requires that: 

1) the student has satisfied the requirements laid down in the study programme, 

2) the student has submitted a diploma thesis approved by the thesis supervisor, 

3) the thesis supervisor has stated that the thesis is the student’s own work, having 
regard to the results of the plagiarism check report. 

2. Before taking the diploma examination, the student shall settle all the due obligations 
towards the University. 
3. The diploma examination should be held no later than within 30 working days 
following the date of admission thereto, excluding class-free days. The setting of the 
date for the examination and notification of the student thereof shall take place no later 
than three days before the examination. 
4. The diploma examination shall be taken before a board appointed by the dean and 
composed of at least four members, including: the chairperson of the board, the 
supervisor of the diploma thesis, the thesis reviewer, and an academic teacher 
representing the specialisation or field of study of the student taking the examination. 
The diploma examination board may not be chaired by the thesis supervisor. In special 



cases, the dean may appoint a person to act as the substitute for the supervisor or 
reviewer of the diploma thesis. 
5. At the request of the student or the thesis supervisor, an appointed academic teacher or a 
student appointed by the faculty-level student self-government body may participate as 
observers in the examination. 
6. The diploma examination shall be an oral examination. Only members of the diploma 
examination board shall have the right to ask questions during the examination. 
7. The diploma examination shall be conducted in the language of instruction. At the 
student’s request, the dean may give consent for the diploma examination to be 
conducted in a language other than the language of instruction. 
8. The diploma examination board shall determine the grade for the diploma thesis, having 
regard to the grades proposed by the thesis supervisor and the reviewer. If the diploma 
thesis is awarded an unsatisfactory grade, it shall be deemed not to have been submitted. 
9. On successful completion of the diploma examination, the board shall determine: 
1) the grade for the diploma examination, 
2) the final grade for the course of study to be given in accordance with §32 section 2 
and the final result of the course of study in accordance with §32 section 3. 
10. At the request of the diploma examination board, the dean may apply to the Rector to 
distinguish the graduate who graduated with an excellent result. The form of 
distinguishing graduates shall be determined by the Rector. 
11. If, for duly justified reasons, a student fails to take the diploma examination on a 
specified date, the dean shall set another date for the examination. 
12. If a student fails the diploma examination, or, for no justifiable reason, fails to take the 
diploma examination on the appointed day, the dean shall set another date for the 
examination, which shall be deemed final. The second examination should take place 
after one month has elapsed but no later than within three months following the first 
examination date. In justified cases, at the request of the student and upon the consent of 
the dean, the second examination may be held earlier. 
13. If a student fails the diploma examination on the second date, provisions of §33 section 
1 point 3 of the Regulations shall apply. 


§ 32 

1. Having passed the diploma examination, a graduate shall obtain a higher education 
diploma. 
2. The final numerical result shall be calculated up to two decimal points and shall be 
equal to the sum of: 
1) 0.6 of the weighted average of all overall grades for courses, with weightings 
proportional to the number of credit points allocated to each course, 
2) 0.3 of the grade for the diploma thesis, 
3) 0.1 of the grade for the diploma examination. 
3. The final grade for the course of study shall be based on the final numerical result and 
determined in accordance with the following rule: 
1) 4.70 and above – excellent, 



2) between 4.40 and 4.69 – very good, 
3) between 4.10 and 4.39 – above good, 
4) between 3.80 and 4.09 – good, 
5) between 3.50 and 3.79 – fairly good, 
6) up to 3.49 – satisfactory. 
4. Within 30 days of the completion of studies, the University shall award the graduate 
with the higher education diploma and the diploma supplement, as well as two copies 
thereof, including, at the graduate’s request, their copies in translation into a foreign 
language. 
5. At the graduate’s request, submitted within 30 days prior to the submission of the 
diploma thesis, the University shall issue: 
1) an additional copy of the diploma translated into one of the following languages: 
English, French, Spanish, German or Russian, 
2) an additional copy of the diploma supplement translated into English. 
6. The documents referred to in sections 4 and 5 shall be issued free of charge subject to 
§ 40 section 3, following the student’s submission of his or her current photographs if 
required. The photographs shall be submitted by the student with the diploma thesis. 
7. The faculty may organise a special graduation ceremony at which higher education 
diplomas shall be presented by the dean. 


VII. Striking off the register of students and termination of the student status 

§ 33 

1. The dean shall take a decision to strike a student off the register of students if he or 
she: 
1) has not taken up study; 
2) has withdrawn from study; 
3) has not submitted the diploma thesis or has not taken the diploma examination by 
the specified deadline; 
4) has been punished with the disciplinary penalty of expulsion from the University. 
2. The Rector may take an administrative decision to strike a student off the register of 
students if he or she: 
1) has failed to attend obligatory classes; 
2) has demonstrated no progress in learning; 
3) has failed to complete successfully a semester or year of study within the specified 
time limit; 
4) has failed to pay study-related fees. 
3. Failure to swear the academic oath within 14 days from the date the classes commence 
shall be the equivalent to withdrawal from study. 
4. A written notification of withdrawal from study shall be submitted to the dean. 
5. Lack of academic progress shall be stated in the event the student fails to obtain 



registration for the next study stage within the specified registration time limit or fails 
to meet the requirements defined in the study programme before submission of the 
diploma thesis in the last semester of study. 
6. Unjustified non-attendance at mandatory classes shall be the basis for striking the 
student off the register of students and shall prevent his or her registration for the 
subsequent study stage. 
7. In the case of: 
1) a student’s death, 
2) student’s loss of legal capacity, 
3) revoking the decision on admission to study 


student status shall be terminated, which shall have the same consequences as striking a 
student off the register of students. 

8. A person struck off the register of students, except for the case referred to in section 7 
point 1, shall be required to settle all financial and material liabilities towards the 
University within 14 days of the day when the administrative decision on striking off 
the register of students has become final and binding. 


VIII. Student rights 

§ 34 

1. In addition to the rights stemming from the universally binding legal acts, the Statute, 
and other internal laws binding at the University, a student shall have the right to: 
1) develop his or her interests in the areas of research, culture, tourism and sports and 
make use, for this purpose, of the teaching facilities, IT infrastructure, equipment 
and other resources available at the University and receive relevant support from 
the academic staff and other bodies of the University, in accordance with the 
regulations laid down in the University’s internal legal regulations, 
2) make use of the library resources and scientific information available in the 
University library system, 
3) pursue membership in student organisations, in particular student research groups, 
artistic and sports teams and clubs, as well as participating in research, development 
and implementation work conducted at the University and within domestic and 
international educational programmes, 
4) receive financial support in accordance with the rules stemming from the 
universally binding legal acts and the University’s internal legal regulations, 
5) express directly or indirectly through student representatives in the University 
collegial bodies his or her opinion on the education process, on the completion of 
teaching obligations by academic teachers, and on other matters affecting academic 
and student affairs, 
6) make complaints and recommendations on the organisation and course of studies, 
and on relevant social matters, 
7) participate in the work of University collegial bodies in compliance with the rules 
laid down in the Act and in the Statute, 



8) jointly decide through student self-government bodies on matters related to the 
functioning of the University, the education process, awarding financial support, 
prizes and distinctions to students, as well as allocation of funds for student matters 
by the University, 
9) apply to be accommodated along with his or her spouse and children at a University 
hall of residence, 
10) participate in the social and cultural life of the University. 
2. A student shall hold the passive and active voting rights in elections to the University 
governing and other collegial bodies, based on the regulations laid down in the Act 
and in compliance with the University’s internal legal regulations. 
3. A student shall have the right to pursue the study programme he or she was admitted 
to for a period at least equal to the nominal duration of study, calculated from the 
commencement date of the study. 
4. In the event a study programme in a given field of study, level of study or educational 
profile ceases to be provided, the University shall ensure that the student can continue 
his or her study at the same level and profile in a field of study related to the scientific 
discipline which the original field of study was assigned to. 
5. A student may be awarded distinctions and prizes by the Rector or the dean. A 
distinction or prize may be, in particular: 
1) a commendation entered into the student academic records, 
2) a distinction entered into the student academic records, 
3) a prize in kind or cash. 


Other forms of distinction may be used and various types of distinctions and prizes may 
be awarded in combination. 

6. The criteria and rules for the award of distinctions and prizes shall be laid down in 
separate regulations in force at the University. Information on prizes and distinctions 
should be announced to the academic community. 


§ 35 

1. A student may transfer to another field of study upon the consent of the dean of the 
receiving faculty and of the dean of the home faculty. The dean of the receiving faculty 
may refuse to consent to the transfer where, for example, the applicant for the transfer 
fails to meet the qualification requirements for persons admitted to study through 
admissions procedure or where there are significant curriculum differences. 
2. Only a student who has successfully completed at least the first year of first-cycle study 
or long-cycle Master’s study, or the first semester of second-cycle study shall be 
eligible to apply for transfer. 
3. Upon recognition of the learning outcomes and course credits achieved by the student 
prior to the transfer, the dean may set a list of curriculum differences that the student 
shall be obliged to make up for and the final dates for their completion. 
4. The dean may give permission for the transfer of a student from a full-time degree 
programme to a part-time degree programme, and vice versa. In the case of transfer 
from a full-time degree programme to a part-time degree programme at the same 
faculty, the student shall be exempt from the requirements referred to in section 2 
above. 



5. The decision on transfer to another study programme shall be taken by the Rector. 


§ 36 

1. A student shall be entitled to take leaves of absence from classes and leaves of absence 
from classes with an option to undergo verification of the achieved learning outcomes 
defined in the study programme. The student may be granted the following leaves of 
absence: 
1) health leave of absence, 
2) special leave of absence, 
3) unconditional leave of absence. 
2. A leave of absence shall be granted by the dean at the request of the student. A leave of 
absence may not be granted for a period longer than two consecutive semesters. 
3. Health leave may be granted by the dean only on the basis of a certificate issued by an 
authorised physician. The template for applications for a health leave of absence shall 
be laid down in the University’s internal legal regulations. 
4. Special leave shall be granted by the dean to a student who, upon the dean’s consent, 
takes an extra-curricular part of his or her degree programme in another higher 
education institution or undertakes a job training or an internship, or to a student who 
has documented significant extraordinary circumstances, or when there are other 
justifiable reasons for granting such leave. 
5. Special leave of absence shall be granted by the dean to 
1) a pregnant student for the period before childbirth, 
2) a parent-student for a maximum period of one year at the request submitted no later 
than one year after the birth of his or her child, 


but if the leave ends during a semester, the dean may extend it until the end of the 
semester. 

6. Unconditional leave shall be granted by the dean at the request of a student who has 
successfully completed at least the first year of first-cycle study or long-cycle Master’s 
study, or the first semester of second-cycle study. Such leave may be granted only once 
over the entire duration of studies and no later than within 14 days from the beginning 
of a semester. 
7. When granting a leave of absence which allows for the verification of the achieved 
learning outcomes defined in the study programme, the dean shall define the 
requirements for the student subject to the verification of the achieved learning 
outcomes. 
8. Courses failed by the student in the semester for which the health leave of absence was 
granted shall be deemed not to have been completed, except for the courses that upon 
the dean’s consent the student may complete after the leave of absence. 
9. A student should apply for a leave of absence immediately after the circumstances 
justifying his or her application for a leave of absence have occurred. 
10. During the leave of absence, the student shall retain student rights. The entitlement to 
financial support over that period shall be laid down in the Act and the University’s 
internal legal regulations. 



11. A student who returns from a leave of absence may be obliged by the dean to complete, 
within specified time limits additional courses resulting from the changes made to the 
study programme during the leave of absence. 
12. In justified cases, the dean or Rector may, at the request of the student, excuse a short-
term non-attendance in classes. 


IX. Student duties and responsibility 

§ 37 

1. A student shall conduct himself or herself in accordance with the academic oath and 
the University’s internal legal regulations. In particular, a student shall: 
1) pursue his or her studies in accordance with the study programme and timetable, in 
particular attend classes and organisational meetings, obtain credit for courses and 
take examinations, complete internships and complete any other tasks stemming 
from the study programme, 
2) act with honesty towards the University and the academic community and, in 
particular, observe the rules of social conduct, 
3) uphold the interests of the University and care for the University property, 
4) obey the regulations on intellectual property rights, 
5) on the basis of a referral from the University, obtain and have a medical certificate 
on no contraindications for study in a given field of study, 
6) immediately inform the University of any changes in the personal data during the 
study, in particular correspondence address, and also of a change of the ID 
documents and changes that may impact the scope and amount of the awarded 
financial support, 
7) use documents and information available to the student through the University’s IT 
system, in particular verify in the system his or her individual financial liabilities, 
partial and overall course grades and registration status, 
8) use the accounts in the University’s email system and regularly check the individual 
email box; information forwarded to the student by the University administration 
through the system shall be binding for the student; 
9) complete the required health and safety trainings. 
2. A student shall timely pay the study-related tuition fees and fees for educational 
services if such fees result from the regulations in force at the University. Failure to 
pay the fees within a specified time limit may result in striking a student off the 
register of students in accordance with § 33 section 2 point 2. 


 

§ 38 

1. A student shall be answerable for demeaning student dignity or for any breach of the 
regulations in force at the University, including the appropriation of the authorship of 
another person’s complete work or part thereof. 
2. A person aware that a student has committed an act which may give rise to disciplinary 
proceedings shall report the fact to the Rector through the intermediary of the dean. 
3. The decision to refer a case to the Disciplinary Prosecutor shall be taken by the Rector. 



4. Disciplinary penalties shall include: 
1) caution, 
2) reprimand, 
3) reprimand with a warning, 
4) suspension of certain student rights for a period of up to one year, 
5) expulsion from the University. 
5. For minor breaches, the Rector may inflict the penalty of a caution, after a prior hearing 
with the defendant or his or her defence counsel. A student who has been punished with 
a caution by the Rector or a student self-government body may lodge an appeal with the 
Disciplinary Committee within fourteen days of the receipt of the penalty notice. In this 
case, the Disciplinary Committee may inflict only the penalty of a caution. 
6. A student may not be simultaneously punished for the same act by the Rector and the 
Disciplinary Committee for Students. 
7. The decision of the Disciplinary Committee for Students may be appealed against to the 
Disciplinary Appeals Committee for Students within 14 days of the receipt of the 
decision. A final decision of the Disciplinary Appeals Committee for Students may be 
appealed against to the administrative court. 
8. A student who is under the influence of illegal psychoactive drugs may not participate 
in classes, otherwise disciplinary proceedings shall be initiated or a disciplinary penalty 
referred to in section 4 shall be inflicted. 
9. A disciplinary penalty shall be erased from the register of penalties 3 years after the 
penalty decision became final. The body which inflicted the disciplinary penalty may 
decide to erase it from the register of penalties at the request of the penalised, submitted 
no earlier than a year since the penalty decision became final. 
10. Detailed rules for disciplinary proceedings shall be laid down in separate regulations in 
force at the University. 


X. Terms and conditions for participation of exceptionally gifted pupils 
in courses provided within study programmes 

§ 39 

1. Exceptionally gifted upper-secondary school pupils, hereinafter referred to as pupils, 
may apply to the dean with a request to participate in courses provided within study 
programmes relevant to their talents and interests. 
2. Decision on a pupil’s participation in courses shall be taken by the dean upon 
recommendation of the school headmaster and, in the case of underage pupils, also the 
consent of the parents or legal guardians of the pupil. 
3. A pupil allowed to participate in courses shall have the right to use the teaching 
premises and facilities of the University and to receive support from its academic staff. 
He or she may also participate in student research activities. 
4. A pupil shall be obliged to observe the rules and regulations binding at the University. 
5. Course credit for a pupil shall be awarded on the basis of rules binding for students and 
shall be entered into the Pupil’s Transcript of Academic Progress. The dean may 
determine an individualised method of awarding course credit for pupils. 



6. A student completing a study programme which covers courses he or she participated in 
as a pupil may be exempt from the requirement to obtain credit for the courses he or she 
has already passed. The decision in this regard shall be taken by the dean. 
7. A student completing another study programme than the study programme which covers 
courses he or she participated in as a pupil may be exempt from the requirement to 
obtain credit for the courses he or she has already passed provided that the achieved 
learning outcomes are equivalent to the learning outcomes of the courses. The decision 
in this regard shall be taken by the dean. 
8. A pupil participating in classes shall hold a valid medical certificate stating no 
contraindications for class attendance during which he or she may be exposed to 
harmful, uncomfortable or hazardous conditions. 


XI. Final and transitional provisions 

§ 40 

1. Study programmes started before the academic year 2019/2020 shall be based on the 
educational programmes provided hitherto, but from 1 October 2019 on, the University 
shall issue the graduates of the programmes a graduation diploma in accordance with 
the regulations laid down in Art. 81 of the Act. 
2. The amounts of fees for the issue of a graduation diploma and diploma supplement, as 
well as copies thereof, for persons admitted to study before 1 October 2018 and for 
those starting study programmes in the academic year 2018/2019 shall be laid down in 
the University’s internal legal regulations. 
3. Agreements referred to in § 3 section 5 of the Academic Regulations adopted by the 
Senate of the Warsaw University of Technology on 20 May 2015 as amended shall 
remain applicable. The agreements shall be interpreted on the basis of Art. 160a of the 
Act of 27 July 2015 Law on Higher Education (Journal of Acts of 2017, item 2183 as 
amended) in connection with Art. 264 section 1 of the Act of 3 July 2018 Implementing 
Provisions to the Act – Law on Higher Education and Science (Journal of Acts of 2018, 
item 1669 as amended). 


§ 41 

These Academic Regulations shall also apply to students who were admitted before the 
academic year 2019/2020. 


